Export JS API (#7979)
withastro/astro: packages/astro/src/core/README.md

# `core/`

Code that executes within the top-level Node context. Contains the main Astro logic for the `build`, `dev`, `preview`, and `sync` commands, and also manages the Vite server and SSR.

> The `core/index.ts` file is the main entrypoint for the `astro` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `core/index.ts` file is the main entry point for the `astro` package.
```
